Add EIP-5437: Interface for Security Contact (#5437)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-sc.md

---

> eip: <to be assigned>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eip: 5437
```

Author: Done! thank you!

title: Interface for Security Contact of Smart Contract
description: An interface for security notice using asymmetric encryption
author: Zainan Zhou (@xinbenlv)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-interface-for-security-contract/10303
status: Draft
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2022-08-09
requires: 165
---

> An interface for smart contract developer to specify to communicate to them in secured way.
> A typical use case is for security researcher to report to developer the
> security vulnerability.
> 
> ## Abstract
> An interface for security notice using asymmetric encryption. The interface exposes a asymmetric encryption key
> and a destination of delivery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Abstract

An interface for smart contracts to specify how to communicate with their developers using asymmetric encryption. For example, a security researcher may wish to report vulnerabilities over a secured channel. The interface exposes an asymmetric encryption key and a destination for delivery.
```

Author: Thank you, update according to your revision.

## Motivation
When security researchers identify security risk of a smart contract, currently there is no official way to
report the problem to the smart contract maintainer, such as MakerDAO's issue.

## Specification
The key words “MUST”, “MUST NOT”, “REQUIRED”, “SHALL”, “SHALL NOT”, “SHOULD”, “SHOULD NOT”, “RECOMMENDED”, “MAY”, and “OPTIONAL” in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119.

```solidity

> interface ERC_Security_Contact {

Reviewer 2: Generally interfaces are named using `PascalCase` (so no underscores.)

Author: Updated to IEIP5437

    /// REQUIRED

>     function getSecurityContact(bytes memory data) public view

Reviewer 2: Why does this take an argument?

I might also suggest the name `securityContact` instead.

Author: I will provide detail in rationale for why there is an argument

    returns (
        uint8 type,
        bytes memory publicKey,
        bytes memory extraData
    );

>     /// OPTIONAL

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend either splitting these optional functions into their own interface(s), or defining what they return when not implemented.

Author: Sounds good, would you be ok if I leave it to a follow up revision but to get this file check in first

    function setSecurityContact(
        uint8 type,
        bytes memory publicKey,

>         bytes memory extraData) public;

Reviewer 2: I think you can omit setting the security contact from the interface entirely. It'll be project dependent anyway.

Author: That seems reasonable, I'd leave it here to triger design discussion for now. May remove when we decide not to have it. One argument would be regular rotation of public keys

>     event OnSetSecurityContact(uint8 type, bytes memory publicKeyForEncryption, bytes memory extraData);

Reviewer 2: I would suggest the name `SecurityContactChanged` instead.

Author: Done, thanks for the suggestion

    /// OPTIONAL
    function securityNotify(uint8 type, bytes memory data) public payable;
    /// OPTIONAL
    event OnSecurityNotification(uint8 type, bytes memory sourceData, uint256 value);

    /// OPTIONAL

>     function bountyPolicy(uint id) public view returns(string);

Reviewer 2: I think this can be left out entirely, and possibly done as a separate EIP.

Author: That sounds a good idea. Let me think about it. Added a TODo

}
```

1. Complying interface MUST implement the method of `getSecurityContact`.

The `type` is a one byte data with valid range of `[0x10, 0x7f]`. The ranges of `[0x00, 0x0f]` and `[0x80, 0xff]` are preserved for future extension.

The `type` indicates the format of the `publicKey` and `extraData` in the following way

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| Type | Encryption scheme                   | extraData                                       |
-------|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------

> | 0x10 | GnuPG - RSA/3072                    | Email address(es) encoded in format of RFC 2822 |

Reviewer 2: Would it also make sense to support a secp256k1 gpg algorithm?

Author: I was actually thinking of it! Because RSA keys were so long and inefficient. Added a TODO
